Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf Kenya
Woolf Virginia Woolf who's afraid of it
it's easy to talk about Warner Brothers
new motion picture Who's Afraid of
Virginia Woolf it's hard to tell about
it
easy to talk about all you have to say
is Elizabeth Taylor Richard Burton who's
afraid of it he's the associate
professor of history she's his wife the
essence of Ivy League charm to students
and friends who don't know them well
George Segal sandy Dennis are the
newcomers led by their charming host and
hostess to the hell that hides behind
those I declared University walls
[Music]
freedom video book tour lion army Who's
Afraid of Virginia Woolf Virginia
Virginia who's that Edward Albee wrote
the play the most acclaimed work by this
controversial author Ernest Lehman wrote
the screenplay he did the same for West
Side Story and Sound of Music Mike
Nichols directs his unbroken series of
theatrical tryouts have given him a
position without peer or rival all you
have to say is Elizabeth Taylor Richard
Burton George Segal sandy Dennis Edward
Albee's Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf
after that all you can say is incredible
you